Narrator: You will hear a telephone conversation between a customer and a representative of an agency that arranges cleaning services for people's houses. First you have some time to look at questions 1 to 4.
Narrator: Now listen carefully and answer questions 1 to 4.
Representative: Good morning, Home Care Cleaning Agency.
Rose: Oh, hello. I'd like to arrange to have some cleaning done, please.
Representative: Certainly. Have you used our services before?
Rose: No, I haven't, but a friend of mine has often used your company and suggested I phone you.
Representative: Oh, that's great. I'll just take some details from you and then you can let me know exactly what you would like done.
Rose: Okay.
Representative: First of all, what area are you in?
Rose: I'm in the southwest.
Representative: Okay, and are you interested in having a regular cleaner or is this a one-off clean?
Rose: No, I'd like to arrange to have someone come in once a week.
Representative: Right. Now, let's just get a bit of information about the house. How many bedrooms does it have?
Rose: Three.
Representative: Are they all double bedrooms?
Rose: Well, one of the bedrooms is quite small, so it's probably really two double rooms.
Representative: Right.
Rose: We have the small bedroom set up as an office.
Representative: Okay, and just a standard kitchen, lounge, dining room, and bathroom?
Rose: Well, actually, we don't have a separate dining room. It's a kitchen-diner. Then there's the lounge, and as well as that, we have a family room, oh, and two bathrooms.
Representative: Okay.
Narrator: Before you hear the rest of the conversation, you have some time to look at questions 5 to 10.
Narrator: Now listen and answer questions 5 to 10.
Representative: Right, that's all I need to know about the house itself. Now, what we do is we offer a basic cleaning service and then you let us know about anything extra you'd like cleaned.
Rose: Right. And what does the basic service include?
Representative: We clean all the floors and surfaces and do a basic clean in the kitchen and bathroom.
Rose: Okay, that sounds good. Oh, and do you clean windows?
Representative: Well, I'm afraid we don't do that, health and safety regulations. But we do offer other special services. We can put clean sheets on the beds, for example.
Rose: Uh-huh.
Representative: Or we can clean out your fridge. A lot of people like that done.
Rose: Yeah, I'm not so worried about that, but I would like the sheets changed.
Representative: That's no problem, we can do that.
Rose: What about the carpet?
Representative: As well as the standard vacuuming, we can shampoo it if you want.
Rose: Right. We've got young children, so it gets pretty dirty. I haven't had it done for six months. It really needs doing more often than that.
Representative: You can have it done every month if you like, but three months is what we usually recommend.
Rose: That sounds good. The only other thing is the washing. Do you do laundry work?
Representative: Yes, we do. That's no problem. What exactly would you like done?
Rose: Well, it's no problem to put a load of washing in the machine, I can do that, but I would like to have the ironing done.
Representative: That's fine. And would you like the washing put away in drawers or wardrobes?
Rose: No, it's okay, you can just leave everything out and fold it up.
Representative: Okay, right. Now, I'll just set up an account for you, and I'll take down some of your details. First of all, what's your full name?
Rose: It's Rose Kelly.
Representative: And could I have your home address, please, Mrs. Kelly?
Rose: Yes, it's 48 Amey's Road. That's A-M-Y-E-S, and that's in Mount Eden.
Representative: Okay. Now, what day of the week would you like the property cleaned?
Rose: It doesn't really matter. Not Monday, but any other day.
Representative: Okay, let's see. We have a cleaner in your area later on Thursday. So, shall we go for that day? We could have someone there by about 9:30 in the morning. Does that suit you?
Rose: Yes, that's fine. And do you charge an hourly rate or a total for the whole job?
Representative: No, we charge by the hour. It will work out to about $25 per hour.
Rose: Oh, that's quite reasonable. I thought it might be closer to $30. And how long do you expect it to take?
Representative: Well, you said the house isn't large, so I'd guess no more than three hours at the most. We can occasionally finish a three-bedroom in two and a half, but that's probably not too realistic.
Rose: Right, that sounds good.
Representative: Okay, that's lovely. Thank you very much, and we'll have someone there next week.
Rose: Thank you.
Narrator: That is the end of part one. You now have 45 seconds to check your answers to part one.