Narrator: You will hear a tourist calling a receptionist for some information. First, you have some time to look at questions 1 to 4.
Receptionist: Greek Island Holidays. Can I help you?
Tourist: Yes, I hope so. I have a friend who's just come back from Corfu, and she's recommended some apartments in Arillas. She thought they might be on your list.
Receptionist: Arillas. Um, let me check. Can you give me the names?
Tourist: Yes. The first is Rose Garden Apartments. Could you tell me a little bit of information about the apartments, its features and prices, for instance?
Receptionist: Well, at Rose Garden they have a huge parking lot, and it is free parking. So it can be very convenient for some big families who drive there to spend holidays.
Tourist: Oh, that's great. Our whole family will be going.
Receptionist: And there's a big swimming pool inside which can accommodate over 50 people. We are thinking of replacing it into an aquarium, but it's still in discussion.
Tourist: That sounds exciting. What about the cost?
Receptionist: Two hundred and nineteen dollars.
Tourist: That seems reasonable. I'm just jotting down some notes. Now, the second one my friend mentioned was called Blue Bay.
Receptionist: Blue Bay? Oh yes, in fact that's very popular, and it has some special features.
Tourist: Really?
Receptionist: The main attraction is the large man-made lake, and it's only around a kilometer from some shops.
Tourist: Is it much more expensive than the first one?
Receptionist: Actually, it's fifty dollars cheaper than the first one. That's mainly because they don't have a parking lot there. Moreover, we plan to install a lift, but we are currently short of funds, so we don't have it at the moment, and this apartment isn't really suitable for those with disabilities.
Tourist: Right. Now there are just two more apartments on the list. The third one is Sunshade Apartments.
Receptionist: This one is on top of a hill, with a huge parking lot. Each room used to have a nice kitchen, but we have turned it into a beautiful garden since our customers don't cook much, and they have shared barbecue facilities.
Tourist: Sounds great.
Receptionist: Yes, it is well equipped.
Tourist: How much does it cost?
Receptionist: Four hundred and ninety dollars.
Tourist: I don't think that would be within our budget, unfortunately. And the last one sounds a bit expensive too: the Grand Apartments.
Receptionist: That one is quite reasonable. There's no parking lot, but parking on the street requires no charge. Many teenagers and businessmen have come here to spend their summer holiday, but children make the biggest part of our customers. There is a huge painting room for them.
Tourist: Sounds lovely. Okay, I will think about which one to book with my family.
Narrator: Before you hear the rest of the conversation, you have some time to look at questions 5 to 10.
Narrator: Now listen and answer questions 5 to 10.
Receptionist: That's fine. We've got plenty of apartments here when you come. Is there anything else you need to know about accommodation?
Tourist: Oh, actually, could you tell me some more details about Arillas in general?
Receptionist: Sure. What would you like to know?
Tourist: Well, my friend told me that Arillas was pretty, but I don't know what the best way is to see the town.
Receptionist: Well, if you want to enjoy the scenery, then the Blue City bus is recommended. Just a second while I check. Ah, that one is a business route, mainly for commuters. The green one is a double-decker which offers a nicer view.
Tourist: I also heard that the ferry boat trip is quite popular.
Receptionist: Yes. If you want to immerse yourself in the magnificent sea views, then the ferry boat trip is a must. The trip used to last 35 minutes, but we made it a little bit longer to 50 minutes in response to our customers' demands. A 30-minute seafood dinner is included in this trip.
Tourist: Okay. And one more question: I like riding bikes. Can I rent a bike and cycle around the town?
Receptionist: Of course. There is a mall on Main Street, and Arillas Bike Hire is located behind it.
Tourist: Okay, I have made a note of that.
Receptionist: Furthermore, I'd like to suggest three famous museums from which you can learn native history and culture.
Tourist: That sounds fun.
Receptionist: Okay. The first one has an exhibition of the interior design, as well as some famous paintings and sculptures. Some of the paintings are donated by some well-known scientists.
Tourist: That's great.
Receptionist: Yeah, the second one is about something that is familiar to us, but actually most people don't know much about it, which is fizzy drinks or soda. The visitors will be shown the history of some famous products in this industry and how they are produced. It's interesting to know that some products have been taken to the space before.
Tourist: Wow, I would like to go there.
Receptionist: Yes, you should. And the last one is about some special phenomenon outside the planet where we live. Some experts are there to unveil the mystery if the visitors have any questions. Various machines and equipment are displayed inside. You can't miss it. Are there any more questions for now?
Tourist: No, that is all.
Receptionist: I hope you have a happy journey.
Tourist: Thank you.
Narrator: That is the end of section 1. You now have half a minute to check your answers.